Would you like to explain
Why does forestry come to Yuesen?
He also became Wang Lu's subordinate
I just found out.
Just found out
Do you take me for a fool?
Really?
During the department meeting in the morning
Wang Lei said to introduce a new colleague
I just found out it was Lin Yue
He didn't discuss it with me before he came
I really don't know.
Trust me when I meet him at the company
Shocked as you are
I advised him not to come
He won't listen?
It wasn't enough for him to take you, was it?
Now run to the company
Follow Wang Min against me
What is he trying to do?
Don't worry, wife, don't worry.
I still know which side to stand on
I will definitely help you with this exhibition.
With Wang Lei's brain
He can't beat you.
You are ready to become the general manager